18 luroductn'am

 

But whether the royal Ealhswi& herself was at one time
the posessor us the MS. or not—and it is natural to
suppose that the book did belong to a personage os some
importante-there can be no doubt that it has a close
connection with the abbey she founded in the eity os
Winehester, ot* which some notice has already been given<
For in the early part of the tenth century some one who
had access to the book—not improbably the Ahbess of the
time—selected a suitable space lest blank on folin 40b. to
solemnly record in a book manisestly held in vener-atim
the boundaries os the property which the queen had within
the city.

Nothing more is known os the history until aster the
dissolution, when we find on solio 37b a shield os arms in
triek, apparently os the seventeenth century, stamped from
a coarsely cut block. This is at the foot or lower margin
of the page which contains the rubric of the LOMCA
(see p. 37). The arms are here reproduced: a chevron
between two roses in chief and a fish naiant in base. 1
have given some account of the family to which this cont
os arms appertains in asubsequent part of the Introduction.

The MS. was, finally purchased by Robert Harley, first
Earl οἰ Oxsord, of John Warburton, os co. Somerset, in the

